DOC-2411: Add TINY-10885 release note entry (#3286)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.1.1-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== Insert/Edit image dialog lost focus after the image upload completed.
// #TINY-10885

> Previously, when using the TinyMCE editor's `Insert/Edit image` dialog and uploading an image from the 'Upload' tab, the focus would move outside of the dialog after the image was successfully uploaded. As a consequence, users were unable to navigate within the dialog using the tab key.
> 
> In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been fixed. Now, the focus remains inside the `Insert/Edit image` dialog after uploading an image, allowing users to navigate within the dialog using the keyboard as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when using the {productname} editor's `Insert/Edit Image` dialog and uploading an image from the 'Upload' tab, the focus would move outside of the dialog after the image was successfully uploaded. As a consequence, users were unable to navigate within the dialog using the tab key.

In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been addressed. Now, the focus remains inside the `Insert/Edit Image` dialog after uploading an image, allowing users to navigate within the dialog using the keyboard as expected.
```
